Add note to Checklist about moving content between collections (#113)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

See `Migrating content to a different collection <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection>`_ for complete details.

After moving a module/plugin between collections:

> 1) we deprecate the module/plugin once it has been added to the target collection and that has been released (as a minor release that will also get included in the next Ansible version), with removal scheduled for the next major version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) we deprecate the module/plugin with removal scheduled for the next major version once the following is satisfied:
   - if the target collection is also contained in Ansible: if the target collection has been released with the new content as a new minor version for the same major version that is currently included in Ansible
     - this ensures that users can resolve the deprecation warning without having to install something manually that potentially breaks backwards compatibility
   - if the target colleciton is **not** contained in Ansible: TBD
```

See `Migrating content to a different collection <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection>`_ for complete details.

After moving a module/plugin between collections:

1) we deprecate the module/plugin with removal scheduled for the next major version once the following is satisfied:
   - if the target collection is also contained in Ansible: if the target collection has been released with the new content as a new minor version for the same major version that is currently included in Ansible

>    - this ensures that users can resolve the deprecation warning without having to install something manually that potentially breaks backwards compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - this ensures that users can resolve the deprecation warning without having to install something manually that potentially breaks backwards compatibility
```
I think this should be indented in, since it is not a condition, but explains the previous condition.

Author: ok, committed, thanks

See `Migrating content to a different collection <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection>`_ for complete details.

> Deprecation, redirection, and removing of moved content

Reviewer 2: Should this go here, or in https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection ?

Author: good point. I think the whole paragraph there should be adjusted. Will do and put the reference here.

Author: moved to https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/71854
the link is already there, so i'll close the PR

See `Migrating content to a different collection <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html#migrating-ansible-content-to-a-different-collection>`_ for complete details.

Deprecation, redirection, and removing of moved content
-------------------------------------------------------

If the collections are parts of Ansible distribution:

1. Copy content from the source collection to the target collection.
2. Deprecate the module/plugin with ``removal_version`` scheduled for the next major version in ``meta/runtime.yml`` of the source collection. If the target collection has been released with the new content as a new minor version for the same major version that is currently included in Ansible, this ensures that users can resolve the deprecation warning without having to install something manually that potentially breaks backwards compatibility.
3. When the next major release comes:

  * remove the module/plugin from the source collection
  * add ``redirect`` to the corresponding entry in ``meta/runtime.yml``
  * remove ``removal_version`` from there

> 4. In 1-2 years, revisit the redirect.

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether this is something that every collection maintainer should do, or whether it's something the community (meeting) should do.

Author: do you mean the whole procedure of text or exactly this points? We the procedure in general, we could add something like "moving a module/plugin from c.g./c.n...."

Author: if in general, anyway better to commit what was decided yesterday. I think the checklist is appropriate place for that (maybe there is better one, i don't know).

Reviewer: Good question, I'm not 100% what exactly we meant with this yesterday. Whether we just want to revisit the redirects we added to c.g/c.n, or all / the procedure in general.

Author: let's remove `revisit` then

Author: done
